# monika123
In times when thriftiness and cost-effectiveness hold such high value, getting discounts on new car purchase is essential. With the typical lingo tossed in, the customer can be frightened a bit, and thus settle for a little discount. Let's take a look at how you might take full advantage of the Automotive offers and deals in Dubai UAE and get a sweet best offer.  Company Discounts  Beginning with what carmakers provide from their side. These discounts from the maker are available for a short amount of time, particularly when they wish to improve sales. For example, there's a moderate need for a car; yet the competition is difficult, then the carmaker will use a higher discount to keep customers interested. Comparable discounts are available throughout the festival season to boost sales. The high-selling models hardly ever get these, which is the only downer.  Dealer based discounts  Next comes the dealer based discount. Apart from what the producer uses, numerous dealers cut down on their margins to ensure their sales are higher than other brands/dealers. Varying in between 1 to 10 percent of the expense of the car, dealer offers the discount. Apart from these cash discounts, car dealers also provide accessories/services free of expense. These should not be missed out on, and while they may not sound as appealing as a massive cash waiver, free accessories make excellent sense for new cars.  Now that we're done with flat discounts that the producer and dealer may use let's take a look at the next discount on the list.  Exchange Perk  Referred to as Exchange Benefit, it applies to those who exchange their cars while buying the new ones. The disadvantage is that, since the estimate for used cars by new-car dealers are lower, the included reward does not assist in getting a much better offer. At max, it matches the money one would have managed selling the car to an individual.
